---
title:  "Life Hack #1"
date:   2017-03-28
categories: [life, productivity, life hack, winning]
tags: [garybryant.me, life hack, winning]
---

**I recently implemented a life hack...**

At the end of January I had begun to see some of my new goals accomplished - Reading, training, blogging. But then, as it does, life happened.  I got sick with a virus and spent the better part of a work week sitting at home on a couch sifting through Netflix, Plex and Amazon offerings.

The week after, I was startin to hit my groove when out of nowhere (obviously somewhere) I got sick again, this time with Strep.  I spent the better part of the week feeling worse than before, floating in and out of conciousness with Netflix, Plex and Amazon continuing in the background.  I continued binging for another week and then some.

I told myself it was time to get back to working on my goals, but I apparently do not take myself seriously.  I had spent a month binging on whatever T.V. series and old and new movies I could find; a new not-so-great habit had been born.  Worst of all, it had derailed my plans completely.  Realizing my goals were riding into the sunset without me, I decided to make a change.  Enter life hack #1.

### The Hack ###
Watch as much T.V. as you want, BUT ONLY on the weekends.

Since I started this, I have finished two books and made significant progress on my blog site (even though I'm just now getting back to writing blogs).  It's amazing how much more time I have to get things done.  I'm even going to bed earlier most nights.  I know - CRAZY!  

It's not easy; binging shows is addicting - very literally.  But I'm sticking with it and while I have to wait to catch up on my shows, I am much more productive and feeling better about things.  It's working.  I love it.  I recommend you unplug too.

G

  

